//QuestBook Log File
player{
name=Filip Šikula
quest{
img=IconCamera.png
title=Defeated by OV7670
score=-38
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconHttp.png
title=QuestBook Gateway
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTrophy.png
title=1st place on perFEKT
score=30
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMegaphone.png
title=Fair of High schools
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconNotepad.png
title=Writer
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconApproved.png
title=Certificate Creator
score=5
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMicrophone.png
title=A Tale of Čichnovka
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconClock.png
title=Time Unit: Fabian
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMTG.png
title=Five Colors Of Mana
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconScroll.png
title=Quest Scrollbar
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTable.png
title=Dynamic QuestBook
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconRocket.png
title=Launch QuestBook
score=50
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Vüjta Pavlů
quest{
img=IconReddit.png
title=Reddit User
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMoustacheSir.png
title=Moustaches
score=20
rank=Bronze
}
quest{
img=IconTent.png
title=Sleepyhead
score=-10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMicrophone.png
title=A Tale of Čichnovka
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconFilm.png
title=Showtime
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMTG.png
title=Five Colors Of Mana
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconGear.png
title=QuestBook Tester
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconSound.png
title=Move With Style
score=50
rank=Bronze
}
quest{
img=IconShield.png
title=Exorcist
score=30
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconCoffee.png
title=Coffee Delivery
score=15
rank=Bronze
}
};

player{
name=Ondřej Vybíral
quest{
img=IconTrophy.png
title=1st place on perFEKT
score=30
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMustache.png
title=Moustache toy
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconApproved.png
title=Certificated
score=-10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconCircles.png
title=Ambiguity Master
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMicrophone.png
title=A Tale of Čichnovka
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTime.png
title=Time Management
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconGear.png
title=QuestBook Tester
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTeam.png
title=Missing In Action
score=-10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTent.png
title=Sleepyhead
score=-25
rank=Gold
}
quest{
img=IconMicrosoft.png
title=MSFest
score=50
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Michal Horák
quest{
img=IconTrophy.png
title=1st place on perFEKT
score=30
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMegaphone.png
title=Fair of High schools
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconList.png
title=PizzaJimm Website
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconPresentation.png
title=Presentation Master
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTerminal.png
title=Python Beginer
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconHuman.png
title=Perfection
score=30
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Štěpán Janás
quest{
img=IconAlert.png
title=H-Bridge Destroyer
score=-10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTrophy.png
title=1st place on perFEKT
score=30
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMegaphone.png
title=Fair of High schools
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconCamera.png
title=RDP WebCamera
score=-5
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconLinuxTerminal.png
title=Raspberry Pi Server
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconDisplay.png
title=LCD Display Master
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconCodePageC.png
title=Bad Code Formating
score=-10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconPrint.png
title=Savior
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTeacher.png
title=Awesome Teacher
score=30
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Jirka Višinka
quest{
img=IconReddit.png
title=Reddit User
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconSuit.png
title=Manager
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTools.png
title=MERKUR Robot
score=-20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconClock.png
title=Time Unit: Fabian
score=10
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Daniel Vjater
quest{
img=IconReddit.png
title=Reddit User
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconCoffee.png
title=Coffee Delivery
score=20
rank=Bronze
}
};

player{
name=Antonín Všetula
quest{
img=IconMicrophone.png
title=A Tale of Čichnovka
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconJoker.png
title=Awesome Troll
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconHtml.png
title=HTML Course
score=30
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Štěpán Havlíček
quest{
img=IconCastle.png
title=Castle Defender
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMTG.png
title=Five Colors Of Mana
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconNotepad.png
title=Writer of Poets
score=15
rank=Bronze
}
quest{
img=IconMedic.png
title=Medic
score=30
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Martin Kadlček
quest{
img=IconReddit.png
title=Reddit User
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTerminal.png
title=QB API Application
score=25
rank=Bronze
}
quest{
img=IconMegaphone.png
title=Fair of High schools
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconTablet.png
title=Low-Tech Survivor
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconCoffee.png
title=Coffee Delivery
score=20
rank=Silver
}
quest{
img=IconFilm.png
title=Showtime
score=10
rank=none
}
};

player{
name=Zdeněk Jevický
quest{
img=IconHtml.png
title=HTML
score=15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMegaphone.png
title=Fair of High schools
score=20
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconFormspring.png
title=Confused
score=-5
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconHammer.png
title=Laptop Engineer
score=-15
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconMoustacheSir.png
title=Moustaches
score=20
rank=Bronze
}
quest{
img=IconGear.png
title=QuestBook Tester
score=10
rank=none
}
quest{
img=IconBlackhole.png
title=Blackhole
score=-60
rank=Bronze
}
};

player{
name=Jaroslav Tihlařík
quest{
img=IconFormspring.png
title=Tihlení
score=-100
rank=Gold
}
};